hello girls so today I'm here with a
video that the update is and the organization
from my little girl's corner
Bibiana is good so I separated for Kate
kitchen
finally the zoom check everything now with me
and with the bianca that is there at last, then
I hope you enjoy a kiss and come on.
Sorry if you listen is a kind of
music or download a little bit
Okay, so it's boring here.
with me then he census had good that is the
bedroom and bathroom
so we have here is the cradle of the ball
Inc. was playing here we have
Do you have a good player?
here some ointment perfume a remedy and
Soap here to the lucky medallion of
bianca da amarok that is not to give my
teeth
here we have muddy
we have toy
I went for a good pacifier here, we did not
There is nothing that we have hair.
Tendêncinha finally liked
It's a while I'll try to bet today
this video're not sure if it will do in the
gazeta is also that it is only one that the
Exchanging who my blood but anyway
So it's down here now, I do not know what
for you here we have a
sneaker
we have a problem here we have a slipper
a sneaker and a sock
another sock that is one of my panties that
I did porn
So it's coming back here, it 's kind of
the kitchen
I just made a video doing that
door trunk against baby alive 10 goes
Bet it's good, but look at the door.
only that breakdown that leaves gray plaque
Well, but finally, it's not going to work.
glued to this end this time as
good
no trunks I made for
bianca myself did a few bars
Good, we got the diversion plates .
during the first yellow
these two teams this one has a chip
they are mobile and inside they have a
medal and those who have a purse
is here we have 2 spoons and other
this little outfit to show off this outfit
wrap this purple rose
the only difference is that the purple earth with
purple balls and a tomato that rose
with pink polka dots with love to fight
Good thing we got both bottles
we have the pleasure cream baby food
the water bottle that was an agent
ketchup but she came and I put the water
his mother the devil for the bb is for
make purchases and this b-ac table to
strawberry base
so much so that only here we have a march
shows the X-ray shows that a distance
all baby food and suquinho are here
It seems like I have enough but not enough.
I have time
then a minor thing in the briefcase
world
our ray, I love showing people here
has a zum wolf mouth
the little bird it irritates the squid in the
It 's my friend's truth that she
special here but the day it comes from
return to a player who has 12
sacks of little tabby the sounds
júlio silva also already bathtub is for
eat but finally the manual
another player I do not know what is
less here but finally we go to
the third party that has a
bianca's name bianca con y esta bom
girls change in name because that was how it was
like this
or bny to eni to Czech and to restart
Only then I changed byn if there are any
take one then it's very strange the chest of
clothes
is kept last one that maintained
We have clothes here at the bottom we have
lines
who is bathed in orange and
xotes has boris has dresses in overalls
cool the heat sweaters
anyway who a bunny like that in general
There's the chest of clothes, right?
here is the box of syrups with all
diapers diapers being bbc author
It is more forward so right
if that's the case I buy a belly
to put it in this outlet until you
money to make of lamp who has
another there
in the end then here's bianca super
trigger it must be a video of her
I'm going to make a video of what afternoon and
later me to do what Nuland
so that was a kiss from bianca
I hope you have enjoyed those who do not
I wish you liked it I did not like it
Do not you like that, low?
favorite is the video lets you compete with
your friends and join the channel that
will have a little box here to write
will not appear on the screen but if you
close here will appear a little square
sign up there cyclic there and you're done
this is what the inscribed also ten girls
and a kiss, bye sir, wine